A dark sorcerer has taken up residence here, he expects the inhabitants to do his bidding with no concern for their livelihood.
A dark, always raining cloud has recently and suddenly appeared above the @settlement@. The reason why is a mystery.
A dragon has been seen flying nearby, recently it burned down a nearby hunter's hut.
A giant chasm which recently opened separates the two sides of the @settlement@.
A malicious warlock has placed a curse on the @settlement@, its inhabitants can be overcome by fits of rage.
A nearby tribe of beasts have started raiding caravans going through the town.
A powerful witch has placed a curse on the @settlement@, its inhabitants have terrible luck.
A resentful divinity has placed a curse on the @settlement@, its inhabitants are quite unattractive.
A rowdy group of adventures has been causing havoc, no one dares to stop them as they seem very experienced.
An unexplained, ferocious storm passes through the @settlement@ every month.
Due to an oddity in the local magic field, spells last half as long. 
Due to an oddity in the local magic field, spells will spontaneously be cast out of thin air. 
Human sacrifices are being made in secret bringing the attention of a dark being upon the settlement.
Many recent births have been tarnished by mutations, the source remain unknown.
Metal within the walls oxidize much faster.
Only people born in the @settlement@ are able to fall asleep within the walls, there is only one inn an outside the walls, it is extremely expensive.
People murdered here return as malevolent spirits, the local exorcist has recently passed on leaving the ghosts unimpeded.
Recently, several bodies have been found drained of blood, there is talk of a vampire. 
Several groups have disappeared will travailing nearby, there is talk of a monster.
Some unknown critter lives under the streets, they are able to fit through small holes and are well organized.
Strange events have been occurring, culminating into a local disappearing, maybe the mysterious cult has something to do with it.
The @settlement@ lies in a antimagic field leading to the magic users living in a separate neighborhood.
The @settlment@ is troubled by a nearby volcano which will erupt soon unless a sacrifice is made to the volcano's powerful inhabitant.
The dead buried in the cemetery have come back to life as undead, the locals are unwilling to destroy their relatives. 
The inhabitants wake up with no memory of anything since a spring day a year ago, as time goes on and the inconsistencies are building and people's minds have started breaking. All this is the side effect of a powerful spell that went wrong.
The nearby land has been poisoned leading to mutated fauna and flora. This twisted land limits the production of traditional resources but does hold exotic resources.
The nearest forest is haunted by the ghosts or a legendary battle, this drastically limits the land available to the @settlement@.
The settlement has a strict curfew because once the sun goes down, beautiful but ravenous pirahna-like fireflies appear, devouring any who step outside. It looks really pretty when it happens.
The streets are shaped in the form of a dark occult symbol, leading to deamons spontaneously appearing right in the center of the @settlement@.
There are reports from nearby settlements of an incoming cataclysmic storm.