It is presumptuous for people who are as ignorant as you are not to take up the work of a herdsman.
Your astute minds have been completely turned into stinking mushrooms.
You know less than does a log on the ground.
You are like the ostrich, the foolish bird which thinks it is wholly concealed when it gets its neck under a branch. Or like small children, who hold their hands in front of their eyes and seeing nobody imagine that no one sees them either. In general, you are so stupid that it makes one feel like vomiting.
You're a gross, ungrateful clod, worthy of being numbered among the beasts.
More of your conversation would infect my brain.
Thou clay-brained guts, thou knotty-pated fool, thou whoreson obscene greasy tallow-catch!
Thou sodden-witted lord! Thou hast no more brain than I have in mine elbows.
Your brain is as dry as the remainder biscuit after voyage.
I once owned a dog that was smarter than you.
Now I know what filth and stupidity really are.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
You're more dull than a sandstone warhammer, and twice as fragile.
I'd recommend bathing but I am unconvinced that you could pour water out of a boot if the instructions were on the heel.
In your vegetative state I have to wonder what poor soul goes to the trouble of watering you every day.
Surprising, you are more stupid than advertised.
if that knife is as sharp as your wit, I'm going to suffer some serious blunt force trauma.
I have a club sharper than you.
I would have challenged you to a game of wit, but it seems you are unarmed!
You're not a complete idiot...Some parts are obviously missing!
You're like a trained ape, only, without the training!
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive!
Somewhere, Your depriving a village of it's idiot!
You are the reason scientists decided that we descended from apes.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?...
Don't let you mind wander it's far too small to be let out on its own.
Are you in great physical pain, or is that your thinking expression?
You are so mercifully free of the ravages of intelligence.
You're like a trained ape, only without the training.
There are some people you like immediately, some whom you think you might learn to like in the fullness of time, and some that you simply want to push away from you with a sharp stick.
I'll explain and I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand, you warthog-faced buffoon. You are an idiot.
Your brain's so minute that if a hungry cannibal cracked your head open, there wouldn't be enough to cover a small water biscuit.
When you go to a mind reader do they have you pay half price?
When a thought crosses your mind, it's a long and lonely journey.
If you have ever had a good idea it was beginner's luck.
If brains were lard you couldn't grease a frying pan.
If brains were leather you couldn't saddle a flea.
If brains were farts you couldn't stink out the inside of a matchbox.
Why is it that wherever I go, the resident idiot heads straight for me?
How your brain doesn't roll out your earhole, I'll never know.
Your brain would make a grain of sand look large and ungainly.
I have seen more intelligent creatures than you lying on their backs on the bottom of ponds.
I have seen more organized creatures than you running around farmyards with their heads cut off.
You're head is there just for there to be a place to put your hats.
You lost your marble!
If it wasn't for your stupidity you would have no personality.
You have a mind like a steel sieve.
You must be immune to head injuries.
I am looking in your eyes but all I see is the back of your head.
I don't know what makes you so stupid but it really works.