I am tired of the pestilent voice of your sirens.
You are like a magician who conjures gulden into the mouths of silly people, but when they open their mouths they have horse dirt in them.
I've spoken with apes more polite than you!
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Your words are so foolishly and ignorantly composed that I cannot believe you understand them.
What do you mean when you say this? Are you dreaming in the throes of a fever or are you laboring under a madness?
I think you received these ideas in your pipe dreams.
You are full of poisonous refuse and insane foolishness.
You do nothing with all your profusion of words but fight a fire with dry straw.
Perhaps you want me to die of unrelieved boredom while you keep on talking.
Are you ignorant of what it means to be ignorant?
You have, in fact, not a spark of knowledge, and yet you babble on and on.
It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level!
I would try to make a fool but the creator beat me to it.
You are not obnoxious like so many other people, you're obnoxious in different and worse ways!
The higher a monkey climbs, the more you can see his behind.
Fine Words! I wonder where you stole them.
You can compress the most words into the smallest ideas.
Your mouth is open and sound is coming out. That's never a good thing.
Listening to you is only marginally more enjoyable than being slapped repeatedly around the face with a wet haddock.
A chat with you and death loses its sting.
You must have a large brain to hold so much ignorance.
Some would call you a perfect idiot, I don't think you are perfect but you are getting there.
You are a person of rare intelligence, so rare I have yet to see it.
You never let yourself get distracted by your ideas.
I don't care what people say, you are quite smart.
I am busy right now, could I ignore you some other time?
Of all the people I have meet, you're certainly one of them.
I've seen people like you before, but I had to pay admission.
As people go, I wish you would.
When I want your opinion, I'll give it to you.
The next time you have an idea... let it go.
You can improve the quality of this conversation by keeping your mouth shut.
If I promise to miss you, will you go away?
Your point has been received, understood and ignored.
I would like to help you out, which way did you come in.
More of your conversation would infect my brain.
What a disgrace it is to me that I should remember 
This knave's tongue begins to double.
You speak an infinite deal of nothing.
Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant?