I am sick when I do look on thee.
The tartness of your face sours ripe grapes.
Thine face is not worth sunburning.
You are as the toad; ugly and venomous.
Thou lump of foul deformity.
You're as repulsive as a monkey in a negligee.
You're the ugliest monster ever created!
Heaven preserve me! You look like something that's died!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
Now that's a face even a mother couldn't love.
There is not enough alcohol in the world to make you pretty.
Ugh. What the hell is that all over your face? Oh...it's just your face!
You look like your mother, and your mother looks like your father!
Looks like somebody fell out the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down!
You're so ugly, that when people see you, they know what the meaning of dark and handsome means. When it's dark, your handsome.
Don't worry you're not as dumb as you look.
Your face reminds me of the sun. You hurt my eyes.
Out of my sight! Thou dost infect mine eyes.
If my dog had a face like yours I'd shave his ass and tell him to walk backwards.
I think... no, I am positive... that you are the most unattractive man I have ever met in my entire life. In the short time we've been together, you have demonstrated every loathsome characteristic of the male personality and even discovered a few new ones. You are physically repulsive, intellectually retarded, you're morally reprehensible, vulgar, insensitive, selfish, stupid, you have no taste, a lousy sense of humor and you smell. You're not even interesting enough to make me sick.
You're one ugly motherfucker!
They say beauty is on the inside. You better hope that's true.
If you will forgive me for being personal, I do not like your face.
I will never forget a face, but in your case I will make an exception.
If looks are a curse, you are blessed.
Aren't you a sight for sore eyes, a real eyesore.
You have a very sympathetic face. It has everyone's sympathy.
I've seen more shapely heads on a hammer.
You have got a good head on your shoulders, it would be even better on a neck.
I have seen better looking being dragged out a river.
It's an awful haircut but it can't spoil your look, nature took care of that.
I have seen nicer eyes in a potato.
Is that your nose or are you eating a banana.
Is that your face or has your neck vomited.
I know you can't judge a book by it's cover, but goddamn.
Are those your legs or are you riding a chicken.
I hope you never feel the way you look.
Your horrid image doth unfix my hair.