Oh, what mad senseless foul you are!
You are a bungling magpie, croaking loudly.
You sophistic worms, grasshoppers, locusts, frogs and lice!
I would not smell the foul odor of your name.
You have fought against us as one would attack a cliff with a broken straw.
You are a toad eater and a fawner.
What pig sties could compare in goings-on with you?
You are a admirable, fine and pious ass.
You are a crude ass, and an ass you will remain!
You loathsome, accursed, atrocious monster.
Away, you starvelling, you elf-skin, you dried neats-tongue, bulls-pizzle, you stock-fish!
I must tell you friendly in your ear, sell when you can, you are not for all markets.
I'll beat thee, but I would infect my hands.
Poisonous bunch-backed toad!
Thou cream faced loon.
Thou elvish-mark'd, abortive, rooting hog!
Villain, I have done thy mother.
This is the END for you, you gutter crawling cur!
Have you stopped wearing diapers yet?
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
You are impossible to underestimate.
Better put that weapon down, boy. This argument is for the grown ups.
I took a shit this morning more impressive than you.
Your family tree must go straight down.
I fart in your general direction. Your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries!
I see you continue to meet my expectations.
I'm glad you're tall...It means there's more of you I can despise!
Some day you'll go far and I hope you stay there!
I just need to ask, what do you need us to put on your headstone!
Don't take yourself so seriously, no one else does.
You're as useless as the "Ay" in "Okay".
Some cause happiness wherever they go, you, whenever you go.
I have nothing but respect for you -- and not much of that.
You are as useless as nipples on a breastplate.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
You cheap, lying, no good, rotten, floor flushing, low life, snake licking, dirt eating, inbred, over-stuffed, ignorant, blood-sucking, dog kissing, brainless, hopeless, heartless, bug-eyed, stiff-legged, spineless, worm-headed sack of monkey shit!
Well, my time of not taking you seriously is coming to a middle!
May you live in interesting times
Would thou wert clean enought to spit upon.
They must fall at your feet, if only to avoid your breath.
With proper coaching you could be a nobody.
People will follow you till the end, just to see what you will do next.
You are about as useful as a one legged man in an ass kicking contest.
You have delusions of adequacy.
You are without equal, only superiors.
You started at the bottom and are still there.
You are less useful then a chocolate teapot.
Harken, thou of little faith, for you will be turned into a pillar of salt!
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
