You shameful gluttons and servants of your bellies are better suited to be swineherds and keepers of dogs.
In lying fashion you ignore what even children know.
People of your sort are hirelings, dumb dogs unable to bark, who see the wolf coming and flee or, rather, join up with the wolf.
You rush forward as an ass under the pelt of a lion.
In appearance and words you simulate modesty, but you are so swollen with haughtiness, arrogance, pride, malice, villainy, rashness, superciliousness, ignorance, and stupidity that there is nothing to surpass you.
You have lost head, eyes, brain, and heart, since you know neither shame nor fear, and dare wager all according to your whims.
You ought to feel shame in your hearts, you great gruff asses' heads.
You - like the spider which sucks only poison from the rose - draw only vain pride from the doctrine of humility.
You are a most notable coward, an infinite and endless liar, an hourly promise breaker, the owner of no one good quality.
If thou wilt needs marry, marry a fool; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them.
Methinks thou art a general offence and every man should beat thee.
Thou subtle, perjured, false, disloyal man!
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
I can tell your reservoir of courage is fed by the tributary running down your leg!
It's people like you that make people like me, look good.
If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a button.
Id insult you but you need qualities for me to insult!
A natural donkey, which carries sacks to the mill and eats thistles, can judge you - indeed, all creatures can! For a donkey knows it is a donkey and not a cow. A stone knows it is a stone; water is water, and so on through all the creatures. But you mad asses do not know you are asses.
You are like hogs wallowing forever with their noses in the dunghill.
Your home has become the most licentious den of thieves, the most shameless of all brothels, the kingdom of sin, death, and hell.
You wouldn't care what people think about you, if you knew how little they did.
Anybody who told you to be yourself simply couldn't have given you worse advice.
You're the kind to climb the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
You are like a bad case of herpes. You're inconvenient, embarrassing, no real threat, and you simply will not go away.
You have the moral backbone of a chocolate éclair.
If you don't hate yourself, get to know yourself better.
Deep down, you're shallow.
Your father must  look at you like the son he never had.
You are so narrow minded, you can see through a keyhole with both eyes.
The strongest thing about you is your breath.
You think you will be well know one day, I say at most a few minutes.
I only know you superficially, but even that's too much.
You are as good as you word, and your word is no good.
I have seen lettuces with more hearth than you.
You will never be able to live down to your reputation.
Take the malice out of you and you might just disappear.
You may not have many faults but you make terrific use of them.
You are just like a dog but without the loyalty.
You think you are out of this world, we just wish it.
You're so low you could jump out of a snakes anus and break both your legs.
You are living to your full potential... sorry.
There's no more valour in you than a wild duck.
You are not worth the dust which the rude wind blows in your face.
