A unique combination of climate, soil and rainfall makes this the only place a delicious fruit will grow. 
A local underground fight club is world famous, the fighter that retire end up doing great things.
The architecture here is unique and praised across the world.
One of the greatest operas in the world.
A hot spring feeds hot water through complex aqueducts to small pools for bathing and drinking everywhere around the @settlement@.
The @settlement@ is known for its bard college and the regular literary festivals it holds.
The local guild of artificer is responsible for a new discovery.
A groundbreaking mathematician lives here.
Several abundant fishing spots are within walking distance.
Famous for its accurate archers, it is the local sport.
A large amber deposit is nearby but only one family knows where.
A plethora of aromatic spices grow here.
A natural wonder is nearby.
A bight #colour# salt can be mined nearby.
Free education is available for every child.
A deadly fencing school was established here.
The local bakers are world famous.
Efficient accountants that are sought after throughout the world.
The most skilled woodworkers guild of the land.
The beer brewed here is praised throughout the land.
The wine made here is praised throughout the land.
Famous cured meats are made by the same family for nearly a thousand years.
A group of friends that live here are exceptional artists that are revolutionizing art live here. 
Very fertile soil surround the @settlement@.
The finest ceramics are made here, the competition is quite fierce. 
The finest cloth can be found here, how it is made is a tightly kept secret
The @ruler@ has made medicine free to everyone.
A world famous gourmet chef lives here, he is from a long line of masters and apprentices, he is currently looking for an apprentice. 
This @settlement@ has a long history of raising famous authors, each one creates a new genre or other innovation.
Historically the @settlement@ has always been on the winning side of every conflict.
There is a natural hot spring underneath the town, they use it to heat their houses with little effort.
Public baths of excellent quality are free for all, this leads to everyone being atypically clean. 
Has the most sophisticated sewage systems in the world.
The citizens are extremely loyal to the @settlement@ for no clear reason.
There are numerous green areas with fruit trees and berries, this provides food for the most downtrodden.
Most citizens are very good singers, they see it as the mark of a good education.
A combination of the best wood and best bowyers make the bows made here universally sought after.
Is the winter home of the most prestigious theater troupe in the world.
Generations of professional rivalries has lead to the standards of every artisan being extremely high, apprenticeships can last decades.
The high purity of local ore allows it to be used in ways otherwise impossible.
A local apothecary has existed for centuries, those that train there are said to be blessed by some greater power, making them the very best healers.
The @settlement@ is known to have inspired some of the greatest poets, but nobody can figure out how.
This is a holy site to several faiths, the numerous pilgrimages feed a great service industry.
A great rivalry between two distillery has lead them to produce the purest alcohol known to man.
A legendary armorsmith set up is forge here, he has since died but his apprentices continue his legacy.
The @settlement@ has a large aqueduct from a nearby mountain, servicing several ornate fountains.
The @settlement@ streets are lined with flowering trees. Each spring the entire @settlement@ blossoms, filling the air with sweet fragrances and a riot of color.
The @settlement@ is a prosperous trade hub.
The fastest horses are bred here.
The orchards produce the reddest, tastiest apples.
The tastiest beef are bred here.
The wooliest sheep are bred here.
The great forge at the center was there before the @settlement@, it's origin unknown but it has a reputation for making unbreakable weapons.
For some understandable reason a group of philosophers have moved here, they are more than happy to educate anyone on any subject.
One of the mightiest orders of knights have set up a chapter here.
The site of the very first school to teach law excursively, leading to some of the most effective lawyers living here.
There is very little crime, even small offenses are uncommon.
Local lawn enforcement is extremely competent and very zealous.
This @settlement@ is home to masterpieces of architecture.
This @settlement@ is known for its amazing murals painted all throughout the @settlement@.
Due to the ley of the land the @settlement@ is extremely defensible.
The fortifications here are extremely well built and maintained.
The militia takes it job seriously, spending most evening training.
The @settlement@ is built around a gigantic watermill, it is used to power various machines.
The winter home of a gigantic circus complete with elephants and other beasts.
The @settlement@ has a surprising amount of large catapults.
A large bank does business here, it is always looking for new investments.
A nearby quarry produces rare #colour# marble, some nobles are willing to transport it halfway across the world.
The @settlement@ is near an animal migration path, for a few weeks a year, game is abundant.
The local glassblower guild is the first to be able to make glass spheres containing a liquid.
The local water source has a nice taste and seams to prevent sickness in the same way as beer.
The great yearly tournament draws the greatest of the land and their purse.