Widespread drunkenness has swept the @settlement@, those that do not drink are considered either weak or poor.
The @ruler@ is going to step down, other fractions are now competing to take over.  
There has been talk of a secret cult involving important figures of the @settlement@ leading to civil unrest.  
Some time ago famous merchant came in with a great plan that a lot of people invested money in, some invested all that they had, the merchant should be back any day now.
Many people in the @settlement@ have gotten sick, the effects have been getting worse leading to some trying to get infected before the illness becomes lethal.
The plague is here, a quarantine is in place but there is worry that the contagion hasn't been contained.
A sinkhole has opened up leaving people homeless and businesses unable to operate.
Bandits are hiding nearby and disturbing trade through the @settlement@, recently this took an important item which must be retrieved.
Wild beasts in the surrounding are getting aggressive and attacking travelers, no one knows why but rumors abound.
Crushing taxes are leading to land seizure and imprisonment, revolt is brewing. 
The workforce is on a strike to protest increasing inequality.
The tyrannical government has lead to the @settlement@ being technological behind.
The @settlement@ is infested by rats, their large colony lives in a series of tunnel below the streets.
A swarm of locusts has ruined the next harvest, the farmers would burn their field to start the next harvest early but it is raining.
A series of disasters has led to a food shortage making prices sky high.
A series of disasters and bad decisions has lead to a famine, a food caravan is expected any day but society is starting to breakdown.
A dancing plague has swept the @settlement@, the weak have already crumpled to the ground but some have days of dancing left in them.
Everyone in the @settlement@ is feeling tired and light headed, this might be mass hysteria or a recent change in the environment.
Widespread drug use has lead to several deaths and general moral decadence.
The @settlement@ is home to a crime syndicate much more powerful than the government.
Over the last few weeks, three bodies have been discovered killed in similar ways, there is talk of a serial killer.
A few years ago a body was found, killed in a unusable way. Every year, on the anniversary of the murder a new body is found, killed in a new and unexpected way, the anniversary is tomorrow.
A large portion of the population is homelessness leading to many deaths of exposure in winter.
An important figure has recently been kidnapped but no one agrees by who. All this has lead to general chaos as people are trying to decide what to do.
The local law enforcement has slowly but steadily gotten more aggressive, they now use overwhelming force, often killing suspects.
Widespread corruption has lead to the poor losing all power and the wealthy being above the law.
Multiple factors have led to a population decline, there is concern about the future of the @settlement@.
There is no real law enforcement making petty crime common and bigger crimes go unpunished but there is great resistance to implementing law keeping measures.
A recent decision has lead to a controversy that has lead to civil unrest which has recently become open revolt. The initial decision is very minor but this whole process has revealed deep flaws in the  government.
Recently a folk hero spoke against the government and has been executed for it. This has lead to social unrest and talks of revolt.
A recent scandal about the @ruler@'s past has lead to social unrest and talks of changing the system of government.
Recently an innocent teenager was killed by law enforcement leading to protest demanding that the culpable officer be held to justice. 
The @settlement@ has outgrown its walls, leaving it vulnerable to attack.
A power struggle between crime syndicates has lead to an increase in violence and drugs.
A vendetta between the two founding families has escalated to bloodshed, to the chagrin of a star crossed lovers.
A relevant type of discrimination has been normalized to the point that hate crimes are common.
Everyone is talking about a string of robberies with no signs of entry and no suspect, each more ambitious than the last.
Most of the men died in a past conflict leaving many women as spinster and leading to a drop in birth rates.
The @ruler@ has only recently taken over after the previous ruler died in suspicious manner.
This morning the @ruler@ was found dead with a knife in their back, they had no official heir and their is great uncertainty as to who will take over. 
The @ruler@ is growing old but refuses to give up their power as they don't trust anyone with the responsibility. 
The @ruler@ is growing senile and has become paranoid and irrational, they remains well liked because of their past successes making deposing them difficult.
A recent fire grew so fast it lead to several dead and many injured, leaving them unable to rebuild.
Last years crops failed, the effects have been overcome but the cause remains unknown, there is fear it could happen again.
The main water source is tainted lowering life expectancy by a decade, leading to the wealthy importing water.
The @settlement@ has harsher winters then is typical for the region.
The @settlement@ has much hotter summers is typical for the region.
The @settlement@ has extreme weather patterns including seasonal tornadoes.
The @settlement@ is currently flooded, disturbing the normal goings on and putting the crop at risk.
A recent earthquake has toppled a few buildings which has distracted from the fact that the main water source has disappeared.
The @settlement@ has recently been raided, leading to a need for trade goods such as salt but people have no coin to pay for it.
The local water sources have all dried up leading to a drought, drink remains available but if nothing is done the fields will have to be abandoned.
The local mine is drying up leading to mass unemployment, several prospectors have been searching for a new vein with no success.
Metal is hard to come by here leading to high prices as well as making wood and stone tools common.
Wood is hard to come by here leading to stone buildings and atypical substitutions such as metal barrels.
All the structures in the @settlement@ are dilapidated, they keep being patched up adding more and more ad-hoc repairs.
The buildings are infested by termites making the wooden structures fall apart, this has created a variety of superstitions including leaving milk out at night.
Several religions are competing to be named the official religion of the @settlement@.
The head priest has been discovered to have stolen from the church leading to religious tensions.
The prey in the nearby forest has been hunted to exhaustion, leading to veteran hunter looking for a new profession or moving away.
The nearby forest has grown thin leading to the wood cutters leaving, unbalancing the profession distribution.
A nearby settlement has run out of their main export, this has reduced the trade through the @settlement@ drastically.
A new discovery has lead to farming requiring less manual labor, leaving farm hands unemployed.
A chain of disappearances has panicked the @settlement@, there is no clear connection between the people who went missing.
The @settlement@ is mind bogglingly boring, there are jokes about it across the land.
The terrain is extremely jagged requiring terraced fields and the extra work that comes with.
The land has been overexploited leading to poorer and poorer harvests.
Nearby rivers have been overfished to the point of being lifeless.
Their is a shortage of weapons making the @settlement@ vulnerable to attack.
Their is a shortage of tools, although this has limited the work output drastically it has justified people taking the first vacation of their life.
The @ruler@ has grown recluse, it been a few years since they made a public appearance.
Few trade routes go through the @settlement@.
Horses don't like this @settlement@, they become more and more aggressive until they die after a few weeks.
The @settlement@ is built on clay soil, stopping buildings from having several floors.
The @settlement@ has several small problem but nothing major.
The @settlement@ has no significant problem.