A brilliant #hobbyist#.
A brilliant storyteller.
Addicted to alcohol.
Addicted to an illegal drug.
Always finds insults that hit their mark.
Always has a knife at hand.
Always sleep with their feet pointing west.
Avoids violence whenever possible
Believes everything that happens to be their god's plan, uses it as an excuse to behave amorally.
Believes everything they are told.
Believes self to be of royal lineage.
Believes that a better world is coming.
Believes that dwarves are lucky.
Believes that emotions can legitimize actions.
Believes that the world is ending, fully accepts it.
Believes that they are meant to follow their current career, but is quite bad at it.
Brags about being a great #hobbyist#, is actually terrible.
Can only hear in one ear.
Can't stop themselves from indulging, hates themselves for it.
Caries a bone of their #familymembre# everywhere with them.
Desperate to be famous.
Desperate to be in a romantic relationship.
Desperate to be remembered.
Desperate to do good.
Destroys anything that won't get them in trouble.
Does not care about hurting the feelings of others.
Does not care about the opinion of other but has a strong moral backbone.
Doesn't care about their own life. 
Drastically overestimates their abilities.
Drastically underestimates their abilities.
Dreams of a family and a house, will do anything to realize it.
Dreams of being able to fly.
Easily manipulated, but will notice it afterwards.
Enjoys inflicting pain upon others, makes them feel in control.
Enjoys the sensation of pain, is ashamed of it.
Extremely cynical, uses it as an excuse to avoid helping.
Faints at the sight of blood.
Feels the need to always be involved.
Finds crude jokes extremely funny.
Follows their religious text to the letter and not the spirit.
Gets drunk *very* easily.
Gets obsessed with a new thing every week.
Has a deeply rooted criminal nature.
Has a fascination for the macabre.
Has a problem with authority.
Has a strong moral view. but does not care about breaking the law.
Has a tendency to gossip and is quite good at it.
Has a twin.
Has a very jealous personality, will complain that everything is unfair.
Has a very naive world view.
Has absolutely no sense of humor.
Has an ever changing personality.
Has an extremely utilitarian world view.
Has an instant dislike of one of the characters.
Has an iron discipline.
Has given up on their life dream and is quite depressed.
Has great difficulty in believing others.
Has great difficulty in trusting others.
Has little control over their emotions. 
Has no capacity for empathy, but is good at pretending.
Has no sense of honor and will do anything for there own advancement.
Has no sense of introspection, will often act hypocritically. 
Has no sense of orientation.
Has particularly bad eyesight, but refuses to admit it.
Has trouble giving up on a relationship, will act irrationally if someone tries to leave them. 
Hates following orders.
Hates getting help, believes it makes them weak.
Hates imprecise language.
Haunted by dreams of their family dying in a fire. 
Interested in poetry, but is scared to admit it.
Is a *strict* pacifist.
Is always looking to distract themselves.
Is completely devoid of emotions but pretends otherwise.
Is extremely claustrophobic.
Is extremely confident in their moral superiority.
Is extremely dyslexic.
Is extremely pious, but never preaches.
Is extremely xenophobic.
Is looking for a greater purpose in their life.
Is looking to gain more power.
Is obsessed with #animals#
Is obsessed with one of the characters.
Is obsessed with overthrowing all forms of government. 
Is much stronger then they appear.
Is proud of who they are and will not change easily.
Is red-green color blind.
Is repentant for a past mistake that they refuse to talk about.
Is strongly prejudiced against one of the characters.
Is very talented at imitating animal sounds.
Is willing to do *anything* to survive.
It takes a lot to change their mind about anything.
Likes to see if they can steal from others, but always returns whatever they take.
Likes to sneak up and scare people.
Loves to play pranks and covers their tracks perfectly.
Makes all their decisions on a coin flip.
Once they gain an objective they will pursue it endlessly.
Only deals with people they judge to be moral. 
Only feels alive in life or death situations.
Refuse to throw anything away.
Refuses to break any laws, whatever the situation.
Seems to leave a mess everywhere they go. 
Skilled at gambling, booted from several villages.
Sleeps badly, sees holy visions at night.
Speaks in a sarcastic tone even when speaking plainly.
Spends a long time making even the most trivial decision.
Spends most of their time looking for their misplaced items.
Spits in hand before shaking hands.
Strongly believes that emotions are not a factor.
Takes every opportunity to show off their [[intellect/ strength/ dexterity/ speed/ knowledge]]. 
Takes great pride in their [[appearance/ work/ family]].
There skin is surprisingly soft and cool to the touch. 
They are a genuinely good person.
They are more than willing to take risks even with little reward.
They try their best to hide it, but they are dimwitted.
Tries to be a nice person but when stressed will become extremely selfish.
Tries to dominate all of their relationships.
Truly and fully believes they are better than others.
Used to be a believer, but has lost their faith.
Wants to die a martyr.
While quite dimwitted, they have short bursts of intelligence.
Will cause havoc to entertain themselves.
Will change their mind on a dime.
Will give up at the first hurdle.
Will ignore personal boundaries to satisfy their curiosity.
Will lose focus in anything after a couple of minutes.
Will never stand up for themselves.
Will seize any opportunity, whatever the cost.
Will sometimes lie just to see if they can get away with it.
Will stop working if not supervised.
Worships a [[forgotten god/ unpopular god/forgotten goddess/ unpopular goddess]].