1; What is long, brown, and sticky?; A stick.
1; A cloud was my mother, the wind is my father, my son is the cool stream, and my daughter is the fruit of the land. A rainbow is my bed, the earth my final resting place, what am I?; Rain.
1; River bridge crossing, look out for the guards. Can you spell that without any "R"s?; T-H-A-T.
1; He has married many women, but has never had a wife. Who is he?; A priest.
1; I am full of holes but I can still hold water. What am I?; A sponge.
1; Feed me and I will live, give me a drink and I will die.; Fire.
1; What has many keys, but can't even open a single door?; A piano
1; The foolish man wastes me, The average man spends me, And wise man invests me, Yet all men succumb to me. What am I?; Time.
1; If you say my name you break me.; Silence.
1; What five long word become shorter when you add two letters?; Short
1; I live for but a single breath.\nAny touch could spell my death.\nA rainbow spins within my eye.\nMake me right, and I can fly.; A bubble.
1; What has six faces, But does not wear makeup. It also has twenty-one eyes, But cannot see?; A die.
1; Passed from father to son, And shared between brothers. Its importance is unquestioned, Though it is used more by others.; Name.
1; I have 'T' as my start and 'T' as my end, though I must say I mostly have 'T' in me too.; A teapot.
1; I have no tears but I perspire, I stretch but cannot respire, I can jump, walk, run and dance, Though I have no mind. I’ll take a stance. What am I?; A leg.
1; You never see it, but it’s almost always there, and most people quickly notice when it’s absent.; Oxygen/Breathable Air.
1; This thing all things devours,\nBirds, beasts, trees and flowers,\nGnaws iron, bites steel,\nGrinds hard stones to meal,\nSlays king, ruins town,\nAnd beats high mountain down.\nWhat is it?; Time (from the hobbit)
1; What has two hands on its face but no arms?; A clock.
1; I guard precious treasures and yet my body never moves, but I open like a book when something of yours is used. When finally I’m gutted always feel quite blue. I always feel so useless without the gold that I consume. What am I?; A Treasure Chest.
1; I am green with envy when I am placed below the sky. I do not breathe the air you breathe but I never wonder why. If you go and shelter me, I simply shrink and die. The answer to this riddle is simply who am I?; A plant.
1; I give mirth and merriment and they say I smell quite old but I can turn a timid man into one that is quite bold. What am I?; Wine.
1; Slayer of regrets, old and new, sought by many, found by few. What am I?; Redemption.
1; It can pierce the best armor, And make swords crumble with a rub. Yet for all its power, It can’t harm a club.; Rust.
1; I am always in front of you and never behind you. What am I?; The future.
2; There are four siblings in this world, all born together. The first runs and never wearies. The second eats and is never full. The third drinks and is always thirsty. The fourth sings a song forever.; Water, fire, earth, wind.
2; I shine brightest in the dark. I am there but cannot be seen. To have me costs you nothing. To be without me costs you everything.; Hope.
2; What stands on one leg with its heart in its head?; A cabbage.
2; What gets wetter and wetter the more it dries?; A towel.
2; My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Wind is my foe. What am I?; I am a candle.
2; What starts with 'e', ends with 'e' and have one letter in it?; \An envelope.
2; I support you in your darkest times, but you choose to leave me everyday.; A bed.
2; David's father has four children : Winter, Spring, Summer and _________ ?; David.
2; I am not alive but I grow, I don't have lungs but I need air, I don't have a mouth but I can drown. What am I?; Fire.
2; If you are to keep it, you must first give it to me.; Your word.
2; Wears a leather coat to keep its skins in working order. Escorts you to other realms, without a magic portal.; Book.
2; I am as light as a feather, yet no man can hold me for long. What am I?; Your breath.
2; A tool stolen but still must be made, used to explore, protect, create and kill.;Fire.
2; An untiring servant it is, carrying loads across muddy earth. But one thing that cannot be forced, is a return to the place of its birth.; River.
2; I turn wolves into dogs so tame,\nI bring the end of every game,\nBased on a system of six and four.\nI slowly kill you, but you always want more.\nWhat am I?; Time.
2; What binds two people yet touches only one?; A wedding ring.
2; In the form of fork or sheet, I hit the ground. And if you wait a heartbeat, You can hear my roaring sound.; Lightning.
2; I am beat but never bruised,\nI have a key without a lock.\nI am heard but cannot hear,\nI am fast and slow, yet never move.; Music
2; What runs, but never walks, has a mouth, but never talks, has a bed, but never sleeps, has a head, but never weeps?; A river.
2; I run in and out of town all day and night but I never get tired. What am I?; Roads
2; How do you make the number 7 even without addition, subtraction, multiplication or division?; Drop the "S".
2; By many I'm used to help children sleep.\nSeen while shooting, an imposter, not me.\nThough always around you, til dusk you'll see one.\nFive points I am given, in truth I have none.; A star
2; You do not want me to be permanent\nBut to avoid me is a mistake\nYou can let me help you\nBut precious time it will take.; Sleep.
2; When you come to the end of all you know, I am there. Who am I?; The letter "w". (hint: I start out wonderful, but then begin worse.)
2; Voiceless it cries.\n Wingless flutters.\n Toothless bites.\n Mouthless mutters.; Wind.
2; It is the beginning of eternity, the end of time and space, the beginning of the end and the end of every space. What is it?; The letter "e"
2; Up and down they go and travel, but never do they move an inch.; Stairs.
3; I can bring a tear to the eye, I can resurrect the dead. I am formed in an instant, and kept for a lifetime. What am I?; A memory.
3; Men desire me in public, but fear me in private.; Truth.
3; What kind of coat is always wet when you put it on?; A coat of paint.
3; Brought to the table. Cut and served. Never eaten.; Cards.
3; What tastes better than it smells?; A tongue.
3; They have not flesh, nor feathers, nor scales, nor bone. Yet they have fingers and thumbs of their own. What are they?; Gloves.
3; It’s been around since before history, but it’s no more than a month old. What is it?; The moon.
3; What goes into the water red and comes out black?; Red-hot iron.
3; The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?; Footsteps.
3; What can you catch but never throw?; A cold.
3; I am gifted to you only when I am unwanted. I have the power to kill kings or the lowliest paupers. My strength is unquestioned and I move far and wide, yet my power can falter from potions imbibed. What am I?; Sickness or Disease.
3; I am found in the day, but more often at night. Whenever you fall, I may be deep or light.; Sleep.
2; There are two sisters: one gives birth to the other and she, in turn, gives birth to the first. Who are the two sisters?; Night and Day
3; Give me laughter and I'll become the death of many, give me hell and I'll be your protector.; The letter "S".
3; I am in many places, but also in your head,\nOver time I oft go grey, bring peace to those long dead,\nblood is hidden just below, to gods there you may speak.; A temple, (both the building and body part)
3; What is more useful when it is broken?; An egg.
3; You can’t get it out of a stone.\nIf it's freezes you're in danger.\nIf it boils you're the danger,; Blood.
3; I give people purpose, I am the gardener pulling weeds. In fact I keep a watchful eye over everybody’s deeds. I am the cobbler making shoes I am the blacksmith shoeing steeds. What am I?; A job.
3; This fire is smothered best not by water or sand but by words.; Desire.
3; Twelve men walking by, twelve pears hanging high. Each took a pear and left eleven hanging there. How did it happen?; "Each" is someone’s name.
3; I can fly like a bird not in the sky, which can always swim and can always dry. I say goodbye at night and morning hi. I’m part of you, I follow and lead as you pass. I flee the light but without the sun, I would be gone.; A shadow.
3; I have towns without houses, forests without trees, mountains without boulders and waterless seas. What am I?; A Map.
3; What belongs to you, but other people use it more than you?; Your name.
3; The more you walk on me the more we get along, and while other may still use me, with you is where I belong. What am I?; Shoes.
3; I am what’s desired above of all fame and wealth. Without me it’s assured that you’ll begin to lose your health. I’m not a fluid dancer, but you can put me on a shelf. What am I?; Food.
3; What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?; A Coin.
3; Flying on invisible wings. I am massive in size. Then if my master commands, I am as small as he wishes. All men wish to own me, but when I touch them, They cannot touch me. I cry when I am with my brothers. Darkness follows wherever I go. I’m a friend, I’m an enemy. I am freedom. What am I?; A Cloud.
3; I have a tongue but cannot talk. I have no legs but sometimes walk. What am I?; A shoe.
3; Poor people have it. Rich people need it. If you eat it you die. what is it?; Nothing.
3; Two friends stand and travel together, one nearly useless without the other.; Boots
3; Two girls were born to the same mother, on the same day, at the same time, in the same month and year and yet they're not twins.\n How can this be?; They are two of a set of triplets.
4; Alive without breath,\n As cold as death.\n Never thirsty, ever drinking,\n All in mail never clinking.; Fish (riddle from the Hobbit).
4; Both forwards and backwards I'm a concept, but inside-out I'm an item.; Time.
4; Better old than young; the healthier it is, the smaller it will be.; A Wound.
4; Break me and I’ll continue to work, touch me and I might stay with you forever. What am I?; A heart.
4; Halo of water, tongue of wood, skin of stone and long I’ve stood. My fingers short reach to the sky, inside my heart men live and die. What am I?; Castle.
4; Enter through one, exit through three. Once you succeed I am on thee.\nWhat am I?; T-shirt, sweater, chain-mail, ...
4; You'll find me in sand, but not in the sea. I'm something you keep between you and me. What am I?; The word "and"
4; I speak without a mouth and hear without ears. I have no body, but I come alive with wind. What am I?; An echo
4; What is black when you buy it, red when you use it, and gray when you throw it away?; Charcoal.
4; I met a man with a load of wood which was neither straight nor crooked. What kind of wood was it?; Sawdust.
4; I build castles, yet tear down mountains, make some men blind, and others see. What am I?; Sand.
4; If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you haven't got me. What am I?; A Secret.
4; If you have 3, you have 3. If you have 2, you have 2. But if you have 1, you have none. What is it?; Choices
4; I'm as small as an ant, as big as a whale.\n  I'll dance to music, though I can't hear.\n  Of names I have many, of names I have one.\n  I'm as slow as a snail, but from me you can't run.\n  What am I?; I am a shadow.
4; You can always see me in darkness, but never in the light.\nI make laughter lethal. But without me: your scars become a ride.; The letter "s" (Hint: You can find me in the soil, in the sea and in the sky.)
4; Which creature has one voice and yet becomes four-footed and two-footed and three-footed?; Man
4; Forty white horses on a red hill. They champ, they stamp, and then stand still.; Teeth.
4; When one does not know what it is, then it is something. When one knows what it is, then it is nothing.; A riddle.
4; What occurs once in every minute, twice in every moment, yet never in a thousand years?; The letter "m".
4; What gets broken without being held?; A promise.
4; Who makes it, has no need of it.\n Who buys it, has no use for it.\n Who uses it can neither see nor feel it.\n What is it?; A coffin.
4; I sell invisible things. After I sell what I have, I still have it. I sell what everyone needs but often don't want. Who am I?; A teacher.
4; You can make me say anything, long after I die. My edges will cut you. If you throw me I fly.; Paper.
4; I make two people out of one.  What am I?; A mirror.
4; Two fathers and two sons went fishing one day. They were there the whole day and only caught 3 fish. One father said, that is enough for all of us, we will have one each. How can this be possible?; There was the father, his son, and his son's son. This equals 2 fathers and 2 sons for a total of 3.
4; If you throw me out the window,\n You'll leave a grieving wife.\n Leave me in the middle of a rage\n I can go far.\n What am I?; The letter "n".
5; What goes round and round the wood but never goes into the wood?; The bark of a tree.
5; What is it that you keep when you need it not, but throw out when you do need it?; An anchor.
5; I have a hat that I must wear, I have gills but can breathe air, I have a ring but no wedding band, And on one leg I'm doomed to stand.\nOn a journey we could go, But don't go far for I am slow, A friend of the living and the dead, And beneath my hat I have no head.;A mushroom.
5; A sundial is the time piece with the fewest moving parts. What time piece has the most moving parts?; An hourglass.
5; What has you go on red and stop on green?; Watermelon.
5; I get whiter the dirtier I get. What am I?; A blackboard.
5; I have a little house in which I live all alone. It has no doors or windows, and if I want to go out I must break through the wall. Where do I live?; An egg.
5; What goes with a carriage, comes with a carriage, is of no use to a carriage and yet the carriage cannot go without it?; Noise.
5; I have a name, but it isn't my name.\nMy face shows signs of age.\nI always mean the same thing, no matter what I say.\nI'm born in mourning, and I last 'til the end of days.\nMen plant me, but I never grow.\nThey run from me, but I never move.\nThey look at me and see their future, rotting in the fields where I bloom.\nWhat am I?; Tombstone.
5; Walk on the living, they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble. What are they?; Leaves.
5; On stormy sea, Between the eyes, Or under singing strings it lies\nA workaround, ends where it starts, And spans the higher, drier parts.; A bridge
5; I have a face with no eyes, I stretch into the skies, but my adventurous guise leads to grisly demise. What am I?; A cliff
5; When you play me, none can beat two and five can beat none, what am I.; Rock, Paper, Scissor.
5; I grow where no flower grows,\nWhere no light touches the walls.\nUp or down, that I don´t care,\nWas here before people were.; A dripstone or speleothem (the neutral terms for stalactite and stalagmites).
5; I might come through your window,\nAnd I'm often at the bar.\nSometimes I'm used to send your kids\nTo die in lands afar.; A draft.
5; What word has kst in the middle, in the beginning and at the end?; Inkstand (In kst and).
5; Two sisters are we, one is dark and one is fair\nIn twin towers dwelling we're quite the pair.\nOne from land and one from sea\nTell us truly, who are we?; Salt and pepper.
5; Stabbed and tied, have never died.\n Old as old can be,\n Push me to the moral ends,\n I'm all for modesty.\n Often lost and all alone.\n Find me without teeth,\n The holes I bear with pride I wear,\n Security in my reach.; A button.
5; I travel East then travel South,\nI tell a story with my mouth.\nI sit and soak to take a break,\nThen back to work, the ground I rake.\nSome people study the trail I leave,\nSearching not for me but the tale I weave.; A quil pen.
5; Entombed alive yet I survived,\n To glimpse once again at the sun,\n But legs to ground are shackled down,\n Curtailing all efforts to run,\n In body lies a dozen knives,\n My crown's sure to split and to smell,\n; A rose.
5; Two bodies in one, the longer I stand, the faster I run.; Hourglass.
5; What six letter word has an opposite meaning when it is reversed?; United (You flip the "it" to make Untied)
5; Soldiers march all in a row,\n  Through field, the part they play they know.\n  Soldiers black, soldiers tall,\n  Across the fruited plain they crawl.\n  Grinning wide, standing firm,\n  Your ego safe they will confirm.\n  Scrape the dead, part the waves,\n They will not break, these soldiers brave.; A comb.
5; Lose me once i'll come back stronger, lose me twice i'll leave forever, what am I?; A tooth.
5; I'd grab ahold of all I can,\n Relentless in my spree,\n Amidst the crimes I hung a man,\n And then the man hung me,\n I met some more of my own kind,\n We really got along,\n In open hid where none could find,\n Except the dead and gone.;A spider web.
5; One hand behind, no foot beneath.\nAlways has jaws, sometimes has teeth.\nMight lean left, might lean right.\nPoke through the eyes to make it bite.\nThough it bites, it never eats.; Scissors.
5; I have an eye but cannot see, I am very sharp but rarely take the shortest path.; A needle.